README: add depot shoutout (#28)
imputnet/helium-macos: README.md

but is pretty heavily modified for Helium. Huge shout-out to everyone behind ungoogled-chromium,
they made working with Chromium infinitely easier.

> Thank you to [Depot](https://depot.dev/) for sponsoring our runners, which power our macOS builds
> of Helium. Their fast and reliable infrastructure lets us compile and package Helium far more
> quickly than with GitHub-hosted runners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Big thank you to [Depot](https://depot.dev/) for sponsoring our runners, which handle the macOS
builds of Helium. Their high-performance infrastructure lets us compile and package Helium at least
8 times faster than with GitHub-hosted runners, allowing us to release new builds within hours, not days.
```
